# DALL-E Candidate Image Editing
A lot of the input images present in the dataset show partial faces or are images in which the orientation of the figure obstruct the view of the face. Utilizing Dall-E, we were able to modify some candidate images to be able to give a better representation of the image being ran through the model. 
In the dall-e-image-edit.ipynb, first you need an active openAIkey to run the notebook
After gaining access with a key, place images in the directory or link a path to the folder containing the images.
Using photshop or another image editor create a mask on the facial features (eyes, mouth etc.) of the image while keeping features like hair and jaw/head structure intact and save that image to the directory.
Link the masked image path with the mask_image path variable and the unmasked image with the image path variable.
Run the open ai response function and edit the prompt parameter to a clear description of what the image looks like.
EXAMPLE PROMPT - "An older middle eastern man with tan skin looking forward with a balding hairstyle, dark gray hair, gray facial hair and almond shaped eyes with eye bag underneath"
*Utilize the prompt parameter to capture features that are poorly represented in the original image*
*Cover small unwanted artifacts/objects with the mask so Dall-E has a chance to generate a new image without it*
Print the image_url variable to view the image generated by Dall-E.
*Slightly modify the prompt with extra features about the subject to stay true to the original image*

## Next Steps
Can repurpose code to perform the dall-E image editing on batches of images with similar facial features/characteristics. i.e. group women with hijabs and light skin vs hijabs and dark skin, or group young men with dark facial hair and eyes vs adults with the same features and create prompts for the groups to speed up the process of repurposing the photos.